controls: Implement status parsing and replace `automated` key (#7506)
ComplianceAsCode/content: docs/manual/developer/03_creating_content.md

* R3 can be automatically scanned by SCAP but unfortunately we don’t have any
rules implemented yet.

For each control we will add the `status` key, which describes the current
implementation status of the control. For instance, if the control requirement
can be automated by SCAP and scanning, the status will be `automated`.
The `status` key is just for informational purposes and does not have any
impact on the processing.

> The `automated` key was avaliable, which defines whether a control can be
> checked for using SCAP atomation. However, the `status` key is preferred as
> it provides more information.

Reviewer: I suggest to alter the text so it is more obvious that we are dealing with a deprecation message and that if one doesn't recall the `automated` key, there is nothing to see here.

```suggestion
The  `status` key deprecates the `automated` key -
`automated: yes` translates to `status: automated`, and so on.
The `status` key is preferred as it it is capable to reflect the control state more accurately.
```
